Create examples on how to patch the Mule version against which MUnit runs (#82)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/runtime-patching.adoc

= Patching the Embedded Mule Runtime Engine Version
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Patching in MUnit is different than how Mule runtime engine is patched. MUnit runs using an embedded Mule runtime engine container, which downloads all required dependencies to start Mule runtime engine based on a given version. To use a patched Mule runtime engine version, for example `4.1.2-hf2`, you must point MUnit to run specifically against it. You can do this from either Maven or Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patching in MUnit is different from patching in Mule runtime engine (Mule). MUnit runs using an embedded Mule container, which downloads all required dependencies to start Mule based on a given version. To use a patched Mule version (for example, `4.1.2-hf2`), you must point MUnit to run specifically against it. You can do this from either Apache Maven or Anypoint Studio.
```

Reviewer: Does adding the example 4.1.2-hf2 add to the audience's understanding of a patched Mule version?
Are we showing the format, what a patched version name looks like?

Reviewer: After you first introduce "Mule runtime engine (Mule)" in a topic, you can thereafter refer to it as "Mule." 
Your choice.

> Patching in MUnit is different than how the Mule runtime engine is patched. MUnit runs using an embedded Mule runtime engine container, which downloads all required dependencies to start a Mule runtime enginge based on a given version. To use a patched Mule runtime engine version, for example `4.1.2-hf2`, you must point MUnit to run specifically against it. You can do this from either Maven or Studio.

Reviewer 2: enginge -> engine

== Patching MUnit Using Maven

> By default, MUnit runs against the Mule version corresponding to the `minMuleVersion` defined in the `mule-artifact.json` file. You can override this version by using the `runtimeVersion` attribute of the `munit-maven-plugin` artifact configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, MUnit runs against the Mule version corresponding to the `minMuleVersion` value defined in the `mule-artifact.json` file. You can override this version by using the `runtimeVersion` attribute of the `munit-maven-plugin` artifact configuration:
```

    </configuration>
</plugin>
----

> <1> This version is a placeholder example. You must declare the correct version provided by MuleSoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Be sure to replace the placeholder version in this example with your version, as provided by MuleSoft.
```

== Patching MUnit Using Studio

By default, MUnit runs in Anypoint Studio with the Mule runtime engine version of the project’s server. You can override this version by specifying the patched Mule version in the MUnit run configuration menu:

> . In the top menu bar, go to *Run* and *Run Configurations…*.

Reviewer: Is this a menu or a navigation bar?
The verb for a menu choice is "select" but the verb for a button or icon is "click."

. Under *MUnit*, select your MUnit test file.

> . In the *Mule Runtime Version* field under *Advanced Settings* type the MUnit patched version you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Runtime Version* field under *Advanced Settings*, type the MUnit patched version you want to use.
```

Reviewer: Is the MUnit version patched or is the Mule version patched?

Author: Good catch. That's supposed to be the Mule version.

+
image::runtime-patching-7d385.png[]

> If you already set the `runtimeVersion` attribute in the POM file of your project as shown in previous Maven instructions, you can click the *Load configuration from POM file* option to automatically load this version into the *Mule Runtime Version* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already set the `runtimeVersion` attribute in the POM file of your project, click *Load configuration from POM file* to automatically load this version into the *Mule Runtime Version* field.
```

Reviewer: An alternative presentation for the final step is...:

3. If you have already set `runtimeVerions` in your project POM file, click...to automatically load...
    Otherwise, type the number of the version that you want to use in that field.
